Got it! Here are 20 questions with a fun and lighthearted tone that you can ask in a group of friends:

What's your most embarrassing moment?
If you could swap lives with anyone for a day, who would it be?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever eaten?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience?
What's your go-to karaoke song?
What's a guilty pleasure you have?
If you could have any superpower, what would it be?
What's the craziest thing you've ever done on a dare?
What's the best prank you've ever pulled?
What's your favorite thing to do on a weekend?
Have you ever met a celebrity?
What's the worst job you've ever had?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What's a weird talent you have?
What's the most spontaneous thing you've ever done?
What's your favorite childhood TV show?
If you won the lottery, what's the first thing you'd buy?
What's the strangest dream you've ever had?
Have you ever gotten a tattoo or piercing on a whim?
What's the funniest thing that's happened to you recently?



What's your most embarrassing moment?
If you could swap lives with anyone for a day, who would it be?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever eaten?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience?
What's your go-to karaoke song?
What's a guilty pleasure you have?
If you could have any superpower, what would it be?
What's the craziest thing you've ever done on a dare?
What's the best prank you've ever pulled?
What's your favorite thing to do on a weekend?
Have you ever met a celebrity?
What's the worst job you've ever had?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What's a weird talent you have?
What's the most spontaneous thing you've ever done?
What's your favorite childhood TV show?
If you won the lottery, what's the first thing you'd buy?
What's the strangest dream you've ever had?
Have you ever gotten a tattoo or piercing on a whim?
What's the funniest thing that's happened to you recently?





Sure, here are 20 questions with a more intimate and sexual tone:

What's your favorite memory of us in bed?
What's a secret fantasy of yours?
What turns you on the most?
What's the most adventurous thing you've ever done sexually?
How do you like to be touched?
What's something new you'd like to try in bed?
What's your favorite part of my body?
What's the sexiest thing I've ever done for you?
What's your favorite position?
How do you feel about role-playing?
What's the wildest place you've ever had sex?
What kind of dirty talk do you like?
What's something you've always wanted to do but haven't tried yet?
How do you feel about using toys in bed?
What's a sexual experience you fantasize about?
What's your biggest turn-off?
What's something I do that drives you wild?
How do you feel about watching adult films together?
What's the most intense orgasm you've ever had?
How can I make sex even better for you?



Sure! Here are those questions in a more casual tone:

What's the most embarrassing thing that's ever happened to you?
If you could be anyone else for a day, who would you choose?
What's the weirdest food you've ever tried?
Ever had a spooky ghost encounter?
What's your go-to karaoke jam?
What's your guilty pleasure TV show or movie?
If you could have any superpower, what would it be?
What's the craziest dare you've ever done?
What's the best prank you've ever pulled off?
What's your favorite way to spend the weekend?
Ever met a celebrity? Who was it?
What's the worst job you've ever had?
If you could only eat one food forever, what would it be?
Got any weird talents?
What's the most spontaneous thing you've ever done?
What was your favorite TV show as a kid?
If you won the lottery, what's the first thing you'd buy?
What's the strangest dream you've ever had?
Ever gotten a tattoo or piercing on a whim?
What's the funniest thing that's happened to you lately?



to 5 year old:
What's the silliest thing that's ever happened to you?
If you could be anyone else for a day, who would you pick?
What's the weirdest food you've ever tried?
Have you ever seen a ghost or something spooky?
What's your favorite song to sing along to?
What's your favorite TV show or movie to watch over and over?
If you could have any superpower, what would it be?
What's the funniest dare you've ever done?
What's the best joke or trick you've ever played on someone?
What's your favorite thing to do on the weekend?
Have you ever met someone famous? Who was it?
What's the worst chore you've ever had to do?
If you could eat only one food forever, what would it be?
Do you have any funny talents?
What's the most fun thing you've ever done without planning?
What was your favorite cartoon or TV show as a little kid?
If you found a treasure chest full of money, what's the first thing you'd buy?
What's the weirdest dream you've ever had?
Have you ever gotten a funny sticker or drawing on you?
What's the funniest thing that happened to you recently?



const questions = [
  'What did you have for breakfast this morning?',
  'What is the most embarrassing thing that has ever happened to you?',
  'If you could be anyone else for a day, who would you choose?',
  "What's the weirdest food you've ever tried?",
  "What's your favorite TV show or movie these days?",
  'If you could have any superpower, what would it be?',
  "What's the craziest dare you've ever done?",
  "What's the best prank you've ever pulled?",
  "What's your favorite way to spend the weekend?",
  'Ever met a celebrity? Who was it?',
  "What's the worst job you've ever had?",
  'If you could only eat one food forever, what would it be?',
  'Got any weird talents?',
  "What's the most spontaneous thing you've ever done?",
  'What was your favorite TV show as a kid?',
  "If you won the lottery, what's the first thing you'd buy?",
  "What's the strangest dream you've ever had?",
  "What's the funniest thing that's happened to you lately?",
  "What's the silliest thing that's ever happened to you?",
  'If you could be anyone else for a day, who would you pick?',
  'Have you ever seen a ghost or something spooky?',
  "What's your favorite song to sing along to?",
  "What's the most fun thing you've ever done without planning?",
  "What's the weirdest thing you've ever eaten for breakfast?",
  'If you could time travel, where would you go?',
  "What's the funniest thing your pet has ever done?",
  'If you could instantly become an expert in something, what would it be?',
  "What's the most unusual thing you've ever collected?",
  'If you could switch lives with a fictional character, who would it be?',
  "What's the best costume you've ever worn?",
  "What's the most awkward thing that's happened to you on a date?",
  'If you could live in any era, which one would you choose?',
  "What's the funniest text you've ever received?",
  'If you could have dinner with any historical figure, who would it be?',
  "What's the most creative excuse you've ever made up?",
  "What's your go-to dance move?",
  'If you could only listen to one song for the rest of your life, what would it be?',
  "What's the most adventurous thing you've ever done?",
  'If you could be famous for one thing, what would it be?',
  "What's the most ridiculous fact you know?",
  "What's the weirdest talent you have?",
  'If you could teleport anywhere right now, where would you go?',
]